(Episode 10)
- Tae Seob. - Yes!
Here, this is the last delivery of the day.
Okay, I'll be back in a bit.
What? Is that where those missing pieces of fried chicken end up?
All right, I shouldn't say anything.
Who do I think I am?
I don't even have any energy left.
What if you have a dream about your death?
I'll just have to change it.
It can be changed.
(Myungwon University, Candle event, March 28 at 8pm)
- Mamamoo! - Mamamoo!
(Myungwon University)
Gosh.
What are you guys doing?
I'm a dad too.
I cried so much when I heard about the kid losing his parents.
But I didn't drive, you know.
All I did was sit in the passenger seat.
I did not drive. I didn't kill them.
You did more than just sit in the passenger seat.
You handed the car keys to him and even told him how to avoid police.
Handing the keys to him is considered a crime?
Someone else would've given him the keys anyway.
Even if I had stopped him, he would've driven that night.
Let's be honest here. It's not like I grabbed him by the collar...
or hit him to coerce him into driving.
All I did was this.
That and making a mere suggestion...
can't justify you treating me like a total criminal here!
Gosh, this is so frustrating.
It wasn't a mere suggestion.
Gosh, Ms. Son is so bullheaded.
She should just listen to Mr. Park and drop the case.
I can't believe she summoned him again for questioning.
By the way, why are you here?
Did you decide whether he should be indicted?
Oh, I actually have a favor to ask of you.
I have to interview a victim. See you later.
See you.
Gosh, all right. What is it?
Something has come up for me in the evening.
Would you be able to cover my night duty today?
My goodness.
There's a curse that everyone here knows about.
Something bad happens whenever you cover anyone's shift.
See you.
I'll cover your weekend shift.
When I covered for someone in the past,
there was an explosion at a karaoke bar.
I'll cover your shift during the holidays.
A ton of people died. From autopsies to postmortem examinations,
there were so many things to report.
I ended up with a mountain of work for just covering someone's shift.
Then I'll set you up with a nice lady.
What?
You said it's today, right?
Yes.
Thanks in advance, Mr. Jung.
No problem.
Hey!
Get him!
- Jae Chan! - Stay still.
My gosh!
- You woke up? - I didn't sleep.
Aren't you hungry?
There's a tent bar nearby.
Their stir-fried sundae is unbelievably good.
Shall we go eat it?
Actually, how about we patrol the area around Myungwon University?
Okay. Then let's go eat stir-fried sundae quickly...
and head over to Myungwon University.
I'll drive. Let's patrol the area first.
Oh, really? That's what I was saying.
Let's go on patrol first.
Hey, wait. Where are you going this late?
Mom, I might be back late tonight. Don't wait for me.
Where are you going? And why are you taking this?
I'm heading out to save someone whom I saw getting injured in my dream.
Mom, promise me one thing.
If I can change what I saw in my dream this time...
and save that person's life,
please reconsider me wanting to go back to work, okay?
(Cho Hee, accept my love!)
- Say yes! - Say yes!
What is this?
What's going on?
- What just happened? - Who are you?
I'm so annoyed.
Cho Hee, Cho Hee!
Thank goodness.
Sorry. I'm really sorry.
You won't believe me, but I just prevented a terrible accident.
What on earth are you talking about now?
Who is this woman?
Do you know how long it took us to prepare this?
Do you know how much work went into this?
- Do you have any idea? - What was that about?
- Hey! - Stop!
- Hey. - Stop right there!
- Where did she go? - I think she went that way.
Which way did she go?
Why are you here, Jae Chan?
Let's go that way.
- All right. - Gosh.
- Goodness. - Hurry up.
- It's okay. - Gosh.
1, 2, 3, 4.
1, 2, 3.
I saw a girl getting a severe burn at the candle event in my dream,
so I shot a fire extinguisher and saved her life.
But I realized afterward that she's... My gosh.
You know the girl at the cafe, right?
It was her. What a coincidence, right?
Are you here because you saw me in your dream?
Woo Tak told me...
that you've been having a lot of dreams about me.
Why would that be? Are we like the opposite poles of magnets?
Are we attracted to each other for some inexplicable reason? Like fate?
I'm sorry about that day, and I'm grateful.
That day? When?
You took my side in front of my co-workers at the restaurant.
Oh, that.
I wasn't really taking your side.
I was just telling the truth.
Then I take it back.
By the way, have you made a decision?
Should the man who abetted driving under the influence be indicted?
Or should he be just let go?
He should be indicted.
Why? He didn't drive.
Just because he handed over the car keys?
It's a crime because it's not a big deal.
Not giving him the keys would've been...
no big deal either.
Like how he abetted DUI with just a few words,
he could've also prevented all of it with just a few words.
He could've saved lives had he taken his action seriously.
He didn't do what's right knowing how easy it is, so it is a crime.
What he did was so trivial, and that's what makes it a crime.
You've changed.
Well, because of someone, I guess.
- There she is. - Where?
She's so dead.
Let's teach her a lesson.
Excuse me. I'm Lieutenant Han Woo Tak from Sangku Division.
You just jaywalked...
and violated Article 10 Section 2 of the Road Traffic Act.
What are you talking about? We haven't even crossed the street.
We were waiting for the light to change.
I heard everything, okay?
Who's the woman? You guys said that she's so dead.
You punks. You guys are off to beat up someone, aren't you?
No, not at all.
Don't wander around like hyenas looking for rotten meat.
Beating people up is bad, okay?
- Come with me. Come on! - Why are you doing this?
What do you think you're doing? Follow me.
- Officer. - I said, follow me!
- Gosh! Just follow me, will you? - I'm sorry.
- Officer. - For goodness' sake!
- Come on. - We're really sorry.
- Officer! - That's not what happened.
What's wrong? Did you get hurt?
No, I didn't. But there's a burning sensation, which is so weird.
What is wrong with me?
Hello?
Dae Hee.
What... What happened?
- Hey. - Tell me.
Can you hear me?
Cho Hee, what should we do?
He's not waking up.
Hey, this isn't really happening now, right?
What on earth happened?
- Gosh, wake up. - Please...
Why is his body so cold?
Wake up, please.
It's me, Cho Hee. Please...
Gosh, I have to do this postmortem because I covered his shift.
The curse was proved right once again.
The younger brother wasn't wearing his seat belt.
The shock caused a dent in his skull,
and his neck broke.
Goodness, why didn't he put on his seat belt?
Who knows?
- Please... - Please excuse us for a moment.
Bleeding seems minimal for the size of the accident.
Shall we start the autopsy?
No.
No, you can't do an autopsy.
To find out the accurate cause of death...
No, please don't.
I killed him.
He could've taken the bus, but I...
I drove. I killed him.
Let's forgo the autopsy since that's what the victim's family wants.
What should we do now?
I'm home.
Oh, my. Why did you buy so many crabs?
Mom.
I saved that person,
the girl I saw getting injured in my dream.
So, as you promised...
I never made any promise. You just assumed that I did.
Mom, you know how much I love writing in my diary.
I couldn't even sleep for an hour during my probationary period,
but I still made sure to write in my diary every day.
I used to fill up a dozen pages with mean stuff about my seniors.
But these days, I only write six words.
"Today wasn't any different from yesterday."
I can even write them in advance. Tomorrow won't be different either.
What I wrote in the entire last year...
is less than what I used to write for a day.
What are you trying to say?
Mom, I just want...
today to be a little bit better.
I don't want to waste my life just because I fear my dreams.
So? Are you saying you will go back to work?
After seeing yourself die as a reporter in your dream?
I won't die.
I'll just change what I saw in that dream.
I've been able to change my dreams since meeting Jae Chan and Woo Tak.
I mean, I did it today too. It actually gave me a revelation.
"There's one thing I know for certain about life."
What is that one thing?
The fact that nothing is set in stone in life.
So, you're not really asking for my permission.
You're basically notifying me.
No, I'm not.
I won't go back to work if you don't allow it.
It's gone bad.
[VIU Ver] E10 While You Were Sleeping "Don't Trust Her"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What is going on here?
I'm in charge of making breakfast.
Am I good?
I'm an amazing cook.
I'll grill mackerel for you when you visit home during your vacation.
I know how to grill mackerel to perfection.
So Yoon, it's a total lie! Ask him to switch to a video call!
Go away, will you? Get out.
- Fire! - Gosh.
There's a fire here!
(Jae Chan's dreams, Hong Joo's dreams, My dreams)
Do you usually have breakfast here?
Oh, what brings you here?
I made toast for myself, but it got totally burnt.
I figured this would fill me up. What about you?
My morning has been similar to yours.
Right, there's something I want to ask you.
What is it?
About the accident...
I thought it was so strange.
You obviously saved my life,
but strangely enough,
I felt as if I was hit by the car and died in that moment.
It felt... It felt unbelievably real.
Has something like that ever happened to you?
Feeling like you came back to life after a near-death experience.
I've felt that too.
Seriously? When?
It was when I was very young. I fell into deep water,
and someone saved my life.
I survived thanks to that kid, but strangely enough,
I felt as if I was sinking and drowning in water.
It felt so real.
I knew it.
The kid who saved your life...
Wasn't it Hong Joo?
What?
All right. Hear out my hypothesis, okay?
I was incredibly grateful to you because of that very feeling.
I thought, "I could've really died."
"I want to make sure I can repay him for saving my life."
- That thought must be... - What?
what started those dreams.
The dreams where I can foresee the future of the one who saved my life.
You keep seeing Hong Joo in your dreams, so she must be...
the one who saved your life.
What do you think?
That is complete nonsense.
Why?
The kid who saved me was a boy. It wasn't Hong Joo.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
I called him Chestnut. It was a boy who loved baseball.
A strong, brave boy.
I'm home!
Mom, there's a sale going on at the department store.
Mom?
Mom, why...
Can this still be categorized as compost?
Wait, is that...
Is that the mackerel I gave you guys?
No, it's not. This is...
Well, grilling fish is harder than I thought.
Controlling the heat is tricky too.
Gosh. How about you guys come over every morning for breakfast?
Gosh, no. It's okay.
Please. I'd like to ask a favor of you in return.
Well... About Hong Joo...
You don't know why she decided to take a leave of absence, right?
She had a dream...
where she died as a reporter.
That's why I told her to leave her job immediately.
You know, right? Her dreams are quite special.
Yes, I know.
That wench wants to return to work though.
I should've dissuaded her.
I've decided to let her do it because I felt so bad for her.
It was breaking my heart to watch her having to hold back...
from what she wants to do.
Anyway, what kind of food do you like?
Korean, Chinese, or Western cuisine. You name it.
I've run a bunch of restaurants, all of which went under,
so I can make all kinds of food.
All you need to do is tell me...
what you and your brother like.
I'll make breakfast for you guys every day.
For free. I won't charge you.
Gosh. Why are you offering to make us breakfast out of the blue?
Well, you know. I just want to express my gratitude.
I heard that you saved my daughter's life a few times.
I want to repay you.
And...
just in case you end up helping her again.
Just in case...
It shouldn't happen,
but if something like that happens,
please keep Hong Joo safe.
Shall I go back to work or not?
It wasn't because she didn't want to go back.
She wanted to go back, but she was scared.
Facial expressions can be deceiving.
I got this!
I got this! I can totally do this!
Sometimes, we can read someone's mood, thoughts,
and feelings from their facial expressions like an open book.
Mom.
Gosh, don't worry. I'm still on the bus. Yes.
Don't you believe in your daughter?
Okay, I heard you.
I'm so excited. Yes!
- But some people can use... - Okay.
their facial expressions like a mask...
that conceals their mood, thoughts, and feelings.
Nevertheless, there are flashing moments...
that collapse the border between such deception and truth.
No...
The truth that no one could see.
The things that you didn't want anyone to find out.
There are brief moments when they're revealed to the world.
Let's not close our eyes if we ever happen to face such moments.
Don't pretend you didn't see it.
Don't avoid it.
Face it squarely.
Gosh, look who's here.
Hello, I'm back.
- It's been such a long time. - Welcome back, Hong Joo.
Welcome back!
- It's been so long. - Indeed.
- Hey. - Captain!
I'm back.
How's your health?
Good to see you, Hong Joo.
Oh, hey. It was your baby's birthday, right?
Your eye makeup is smudged. Go check in the mirror.
Du Hyun, I'm back.
I put your uniform on the desk over there.
You sure are her supervisor. You got everything ready for her.
You're so two-faced.
Captain! What are you doing now?
- I'm bugging you. - Gosh.
You're my supervisor. Shouldn't you be helping me?
What is this mess? For goodness' sake!
We got a brand new design for the uniform.
I was getting sick of purple. Try it on. Let's see if it suits you.
Was crossing the street that hard for you?
I know, right? Is it because I haven't been here in so long?
Everything feels hard, and I'm nervous for no reason.
Then what? Shall I walk you to the office?
Why are you being like this? I'll get the wrong idea again.
I'll cling onto you and ask you to take me to work every day.
I'll also pester you to protect me.
We can do that.
Sorry?
Cling onto me, ask me to take you to work,
and pester me to protect you. I'll try.
Well... I'll do it if it'll give you relief.
Why are you doing this to me? You sound like you mean it.
I do mean it. You don't believe me?
Is that why you're crying?
I'm crying because I believe you,
because I feel relieved.
I wanted to hear that so much.
That's why I'm crying.
Gosh, my makeup got all smudged.
Hey, stop. What are you...
You said you'd keep me safe. You can't even do this for me?
You're not avoiding me today.
You don't like it?
I do.
I like it a lot.
(While You Were Sleeping)